doc: TF-M updates for the NCS 2.0.0 release (#7614)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_programming.rst

5. Build and program your project.

>    The required steps differ depending on if you build a single application or a multi-image project (such as the nRF9160 samples, which include :ref:`TF-M <ug_tfm>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The required steps differ depending on if you build a single application or a multi-image project (such as the nRF9160 samples, which include :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M <ug_tfm>`).
```
TF-M hasn't been mentioned on this page before.
